well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
which statue is next it's a question
we're hearing a lot right now said in
the rhetorical sense and after tonight
well last night by the time you'll watch
this it's a question I love I want more
people to ask me this question because
it leads to an incredibly revealing
place if we let it so tonight we're
going to talk about statues and systemic
issues for the last couple of weeks I've
had this back and forth going on with
this guy because he reached out very
sincerely asked for some help in
understanding some of the current issues
and he's been very genuine in this
conversation he wants to grow however
he's got some baggage he's got some
things that he doesn't want to let go of
he doesn't want to acknowledge certain
things one thing in particular he
doesn't want to acknowledge because he
knows that once he does a whole bunch of
his other talking points just crumble so
he's done everything within his power to
deny that systemic racism exists until
tonight until tonight he reaches out out
of the blue and he's like how you feel
about them taking down statues now that
they're going after your boy who's my
boy Teddy Roosevelt I bet I know which
statue is and sure enough that's the one
for those that don't know the statue in
front of the museum that's not a new
debate that's been going on for years
people who are Teddy Roosevelt
supporters want that thing gone it is
not just a statue of Teddy Roosevelt
there are two other people in it and if
you look at that statue for any length
of time you'll understand why people
want it gone
now I happen to be somebody who finds a
lot of the things that Teddy Roosevelt
did admirable I think there's a lot of
inspiration that can be pulled from his
life I've talked about it on this
channel before now before anybody starts
writing all of the horrible stuff that
relates to Teddy Roosevelt I know I know
he was a person he was a historical
figure he was an actual human being he
wasn't infallible he wasn't flawless he
made mistakes and he believed some
messed up stuff yes he was a racist
period but there are some positive
things that can be taken from him and he
did accomplish a lot of good so I
explained to him that Teddy probably
would have been cool with the statue
being taken down and I have to break it
down and I'm like look this is a guy who
one of the bad things about him was that
he definitely understood sacrificing
things or people in pursuit of a wider
campaign and if that campaign had a
large component that was about battling
police corruption oh he would have been
down for that I mean Teddy would be
masking up right now that was kind of
his whole thing when he started he was a
police commissioner who worked to weed
out corruption in New York he literally
fought corrupt cops so I think he would
have been alright with it at this moment
in history it's coming down as part of
this I think he would have been ok with
it and he's like I don't understand that
you like the guy like I like some things
about him but either way me liking him
has nothing to do with whether or not
he's a racist I mean that's kind of a
weird measure to use right there
and he's like what I don't get it you
said he did all these good things and
these progressive things that he pushed
yeah all that's true that doesn't change
the fact that he was racist though
he's like I don't get it if you use that
metric if you use that standard then we
won't have any leaders left we won't
have any statues left go on and he goes
on to tell me that like okay fine not
all of them but like 95% of them were
racist to some degree yeah that's that's
kind of the point
hidden in this question which statue is
next is the admission of systemic racism
they're saying well we'd have a hard
time coming up with a statue of somebody
in this country that wasn't racist
that's a pretty big indictment of the
country right there and if 95 percent 90
percent 80 percent of them were what
does that say about the society they
helped create the system they put in
place the laws they wrote it permeates
the whole culture it's everywhere and in
that question which statue is next you
could do it to any of them is it
admission that it is systemic that it is
institutionalized I love this question
now whenever that comes up that's where
the conversation needs to go because
with this guy who I've been talking to
for weeks about this he wasn't budging
until tonight actually heard him oh yeah
yeah it's really simple look take it
down these statues it's not going to
change the world it's not going to end
racism tomorrow any more than the Civil
War where the Civil Rights Act dead but
it's one more thing it's one more thing
and do we have to take them all down no
we don't but maybe take down the ones
like that one
they definitely highlight that
institutional issue those should
probably be at the top of the list now
to those people who all of a sudden are
super interested in defending Teddy
Roosevelt's statue I got a couple things
I want to point out first is that I am
pretty sure he would be okay with it
going right now the second is he would
not have liked you Teddy was a person
who was all about individual achievement
all about what you did he was not
somebody who was like oh we have to keep
the statue because of tradition or
America is great because of what my
daddy did he would not have cared he
wouldn't have liked you at all he was
about change he was about what you as a
person did if you're clinging to the
past and you're wanting to get your
sense of pride from yesterday he
wouldn't have wanted to be around you I
am certain of that I would also point
out one of his more famous quotes says
to announce that there must be no
criticism of the president is morally
treasonable to the American public he
would have been fine with people
pointing out his issues he would have
been okay with it
because he was about the country growing
he didn't want to live in the past
he wanted to build a future I find it
hilarious that this is the one that
people are really mad about the one guy
who probably would have taken him into a
boxing ring because that's what he did
and if you want to learn something from
Teddy understand that one of the most
important lessons that man's life can
teach you is that it's really important
to help other people get up not hold
them down because if they get up they
may be better than you and you have to
get better and strong men tough men men
like Teddy Roosevelt they weren't afraid
of the competition anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night